c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\bin\Debug\Inword_Outword.exe.config
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\bin\Debug\Inword_Outword.exe
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\bin\Debug\Inword_Outword.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Login.resources
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.exe
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Inward.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outward.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Add_Subject.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Add_Assigned_To.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Main_Menu.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.inreport.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.ModeWise.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\bin\Debug\Inword_Outword.exe.manifest
C:\Users\ASUS\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\bin\Debug\Inword_Outword.application
C:\Users\ASUS\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.exe.manifest
C:\Users\ASUS\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.application
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\bin\Debug\Inword_Outword.exe.config
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.exe
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.pdb
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\bin\Debug\Inword_Outword.exe.manifest
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\bin\Debug\Inword_Outword.application
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\bin\Debug\Inword_Outword.exe
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\bin\Debug\Inword_Outword.pdb
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Add_Assigned_To.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Add_Subject.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.inreport.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Inward.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Login.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Main_Menu.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.ModeWise.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outward.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.exe.manifest
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.application
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.DateWise.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.AcademicYearWise.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.SubjectWise.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.CityWise.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.FacultyWise.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Outreport.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outaddresswise.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outdatewise.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outfacultywise.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outcitywise.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outmodewise.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outsubwise.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outwhomsentwise.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outyrwise.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.WrecWise.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.AboutUs.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.ContactUs.resources
E:\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\bin\Debug\Inword_Outword.exe.config
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.exe
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.pdb
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\bin\Debug\Inword_Outword.exe.manifest
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\bin\Debug\Inword_Outword.application
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\bin\Debug\Inword_Outword.exe
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\bin\Debug\Inword_Outword.pdb
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.AboutUs.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.AcademicYearWise.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Add_Assigned_To.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Add_Subject.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.CityWise.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.ContactUs.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outaddresswise.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outdatewise.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outfacultywise.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outcitywise.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outmodewise.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outsubwise.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outwhomsentwise.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.DateWise.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.FacultyWise.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.inreport.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Inward.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Login.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Main_Menu.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.ModeWise.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Outreport.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outward.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.outyrwise.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.SubjectWise.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.WrecWise.resources
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.exe.manifest
F:\C#Project\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\Inword_Outword\obj\Debug\Inword_Outword.application
